# A survival kit you might not need

This document should serve as a living, evolving handbook for working at The
Guardian. It will probably be most useful to you if you're new to tech and/or
the department, but it should also hopefully be a source of good practice and
information regardless of seniority. It will hopefully grow to encompass a wider
variety of general advice and information that you'll find useful as you
progress along your journey in tech. The Guardian has got a living archive of
information within its employees, but that information isn't always the easiest
to access. By centralising and storing it here, it should hopefully be easy to
find and access.

The drive for this work came from the 2020 hackday focussed around diversity.
With this in mind, the hope here is that the advice and resources within it will
help to benefit those groups that are under-represented within tech and within
the department. A diverse, representative and equitable department should be the
end goal of any cultural process that is started and hopefully this will be part
f that.

The resources mentioned and presented here will hopefully be of use in various
ways in achieving that goal. For example, the inclusion of Brag Docs as a
concept and resource was done so because they were originally formulated as a
way to highlight the often overlooked work of women within tech, but the same
sentiment is applicable to any under-represented group. Helping to set in place
processes that highlight and "hype" the work done by these groups is a small
step towards their work being recognised just as much as work by the more vocal
and visible group of (typically) white men. But as is often the case with
diversity and inclusion work, adopting the rpactice is likely to benefit
everyone!

Similarly, the use of a "Manual for me" can be of particular help for those that
have specific requirements around their working conditions or how they
communicate. This could be due to a physical disability such as blindness or
deafness, neurodivergence such as autism or ADHD, or just personal requirements
and needs. Normalising these sorts of tools helps to remove any stigma and
improves the communication between colleagues and reduces stress for everyone.

Finally, there is a Glossary and reference guide that I  hope people will update
as they develop and learn. Terminology and shared concepts are oft overlooked
boundaries to being part of a new industry or company. These things could vary
from the very simple to then super niche. Having a place where you can go to
check what something means or find a source for a good guide on a concept is
really useful to make sure that we aren't unintentionally gatekeeping our
industry and making sure that new and junior staff are able to take part as
fully as they want. There will inevitably be some things thatare specific to a
given team (go ask someone on commerical dev to show you their glossary of
advertising acronyms...), but there are also enough shared concepts that pooling
and collating this together will make life easier for everyone.
