# User Manual For {insert name here}

<!-- Brief introduction of who you are before diving into the nitty gritty
below. Remember that this is a living document and you should feel free to
update it as you grow and your needs change and develop. You don't need to
make a lifetime decision the first time you put pen to paper!-->

## Things I need

<!-- Arguably the most important section on here. This will summarise a lot of
what you go into in more detail below. Think about thins like introversion and
extroversion, mental health requirements, your learning preferences with some
sort of framework that people can refer to (The VARK method is added below as a
starting point). You shouldn't feel any shame or reticence about what you need
here because the best wayto develop and thrive is to know what you need and to
let other people know. You'll enjoy your job much more if your needs are met, so
be as honest as you feel comfortable being. -->

My [VARK][] learning tool preference is as follows:

...

## Conditions I like to work in

<!--Describe the conditions you find it easiest to work in. This could describe
the physical conditions you like, such as noise levels, light levels etc., or it
could be about thing slike how you work e.g. socially, independently, asking
questions etc., -->

## The times/hours I like to work

<!-- A quick note on your working hours and when you find you're most productive.
This can really help people to navigate the intricacies of when you're most
available to help or the times at which you're best left with a coffee and some
headspace. -->

## The best ways to communicate with me

<!-- Let people know the bestw ay to contact you during the work day and what
kind of communication style you prefer. Do you prefer people to be short and to
the point or are you a big fan of small talk (no pun intended)? Do you like
people to catch you on whatever instant messaging system is in place or do you
like emails? Or maybe you're a fan of someone coming over to you in person and
catching up with you face to face? Adding a bit of advice here helps people
navigate our personal preferences and makes communication much easier and much
less stressful.-->

## The ways I like to receive feedback

<!-- Feedback is a really important part of our career development, but we all
have our own preferences on how we receive it and how often. There are existing
feedback mechanisms in place already at The Guardian, but if you have a strong
preference for additional feedback, or the kind of feedback you receive, it's
good to let people know up front so that they can work around what you need.
Think about whether you like regular, incremental feedback or if you prefer big
picture end of quarter/project feedback. Do you like it verbally or in writing?
You'll develop quicker and be much happier if you can nail this down early on.-->

## Things I struggle with

<!-- Arguably just as important as the things you need are the things you
struggle with. There should be no shame around admitting the things that you
struggle with or need help with. We all have individual circumstances that
contribute to how we interact with the world and being open and honest about
this from the start is really helpful. For example, you might struggle with
remembering people's names. If you flag this up at the start, it's MUCH less
embarassing when you forget one. You might need a lot of independent work time
or feel drained from lots of social interaction. You might be the opposite and
thrive in a busy social environment and struggle when working solo. All of this
is valid and mentioning it at the start will make life a lot easier.-->

## Things I love

<!-- Also, let people know what you love! This will really help you, your
manager, and your team find the projects and work that will help you develop
quickly and with the most enjoyment. Do you enjoy big picture work, joining up
the dots? Or doyou like to focus on small, isolated chunks of work? What sort of
day-to-day interactions with your colleagues will you enjoy the most? All of
this is great to let people know. -->

## How I respond to stress

<!-- We all get stressed out, and flagging up your typical response to it will
help others recognise it sooner and that's the best way to start dealing with
it. Your mental health is just as important as your physical health, so helping
people recognise when you need a bit of space or support is really important.
Keep this as detailed or as brief as you like, maybe including what others can
do to help. -->

## Other things to know about me

<!-- Let people know your hobbies and what you enjoy. This is a great place to
inject a little bit of yourself from outside the work bubble -->

<!-- URL reference links -->
[VARK]: https://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/vak-learning-styles.htm
